# Directory tree structure

The build.rb script assumes that a certain directory structure exists and adds intermediate and output directories.

## ./

The root of the site-builder directory tree contains the build script (build.rb) the view.rb stub file (for your editing pleasure) and a Gemfile. It also contains all the directories listed below.

## ./docs

Should contain this file and anything else I think would be helpful for explaining the site builder.

## ./src

This is the source directory that the build script scans. The files in this directory (and its subdirectories) are the program input. All content, views, metadata and asset files are put here. The canonical git repo ignores this directory because I use a symbolic link to a Dropbox shared folder instead. This way my content creators do not need to understand git.

## ./templates

The mustache templates are put here. Content-type-specific templates are used to render items of content generated from user-created markdown files. Layout(s) are used to wrap boilerplate markup around the content.

## ./tmp

The build script generates this directory in order to store intermediate artifacts. At the time of writing, this was just html fragments gernerated from markdown content files.

## ./preview  and  ./published

These directories are the output directories generated by the build script. Content only appears in the published directory if it is marked as published in its metadata. All content appears in the preview directory. I map different URLs to each of these directories on my server and (if I think it is necessary) I will add http authentication to the preview directory.
